Location: The Rave

Description:
Eagles Club - This building built in the late 20's was an all male athletic club. Many areas of the building are very cold even in the heat of summer. The ballroom has access to a door that leads to the dome maintenance room which also leads to the roof has many times been investigated by security after reports of someone throwing things off the roof. When investigated no one is found, when things like empty beer cups and ashtrays have been found below. The basement floor which houses access to the pool viewing porthole and also the boiler room, has a dirt floor that security doing a sweep of the building at closing time, have felt the strong urge to leave by a presence and feeling of coldness that is overwhelming, also accompanied by a strong odor of starch or bleach smell. It is said that after it was closed and reopened as a shelter, a man that ran it was abusive and very intolerable, to the young men that stayed there. His negative energy is felt and reports of his apparition and coldness in the pool area and in the boiler room. As far as his apparition is concerned, they were reported by bar staff accompanying the security during sweeps, they were most likely under the influence of alcohol at the time. A strong sense of negative energy is felt in all parts of the building. Always felt at night when the building closes. Strange noise like shuffling feet and loud bangs can be heard while sweeping the building fro people who may hideout after a show. It may be heard in one area and when looked into the noises are heard in the area that was just secured. Unexplainable feeling of negative energy exists in the building. There is also the ghost of a little girl at the Rave. A worker who worked there for a year or so, spent time in the coat check area in the basement. There are catacomb like hallways that run behind the coat check area. One night during a concert, they heard a little girl laughing coming from the rear hallway. When they got up to look, a wind blew through the room, and a feeling of dread came over them, and in an instant it was over.