Location: Norwin Elks

Description:
The Norwin Elks used to be the old Fletcher's place. He made jellies and such assortments as that. When it closed down is when all the hauntings were noticed. . . There are 3 distinct hauntings. The first haunting is in the Old Fletcher Barn (Which became the Terror Barn). One of the groundskeepers apparently had nowhere to go when Fletcher's was shutdown, so he thought he'd make a statement to the world by hanging himself in the barn facing the window on the second floor. Working there I noticed the scariest things imaginable would happen. For one thing (and they had this on tape one night while we were making a commercial for the terror barn) the radio (which was located at the other side of the barn in the "Michael Meyer's Room") was changing stations rapid ply and shutting off and turning on while we are all meeting in the wizard room (on the other side of the barn, nowhere near Michael Meyers).The second thing, if you lay on the torture rack and look up you can see a man who walks the rafters above. The other thing has to do withhe sound of cowboy boots following you as you walk around. The last thing is above all the scariest, a piercing scream while we were closing one night. The second haunting of the Norwin Elks is located in the bar/dining area. Apparently in the attic there is a specter who you cannot make out, but she/he is there and watches you. Some say that it is a little girl and others say it's a little boy. The third haunting is in the basement of the Norwin Elks. If you walk down there you can hear a dog barking for hours on end, but the Norwin Elks don't have any dogs. And sometimes you see a maintenance man down there who tells you that the pipes of the furnace need a cleaning, and when you ask them what's wrong he vanishes. There are other reports of a man in the bar who never leaves and when you finally force him outside he vanishes after he leaves the door. But no one can say for certain what happened to any of these ghosts. The only ghost that we know for sure is the Fletcher's Groundskeeper in the terror barn who hung himself.