Location: Pilot's Knobb

Description:
Witches Grave - This cemetery is located off of Ford's Ferry Road in Marion. The legend behind this cemetery is about a five year old girl who was burned at the stake, along with her mother, in the late 1800's to the early 1900's for witchcraft. It is not known what happened to the body of the mother, however the little girl, Mary Evelyn, is buried in a steel lined grave that is covered with rock and not dirt. She has a white picket fence surrounding her grave. The base of this fence is a series of crosses that connect end to end. However she is not tall enough to climb over the fence, unlike a normal 5 year old. Her tombstone looks brand new even though it is close to 100 years old, as does the fence. She paces inside this fence when someone comes to visit her making faces at them and reaching out to them. She sleeps during the day but is very evident at night. The legend also says that she can not rest because she is searching for her mother but can not escape the confines of the fence. Many unexplainable things occur at this cemetery. For one the "Watcher" makes himself very know and tries to follow you out of the cemetery. The "Watcher" was murdered at the swinging bridge but haunts the witch’s grave. He is trying to get to the little witch but because of the crosses that surround her he is unable to because he is evil. Crosses appear in the trees both upright and upside down, directly over her grave, though they face different directions. She presents herself as a normal 5-year-old little girl in a white dress, though her dress is scorched at the bottom as is her blonde hair. If you lay on her grave she will hold you down refusing to let go until someone from outside of the fence pulls you free. However never lay on the grave when you are alone because chances are you will be pulled into her grave to be with her thus giving her more power. As with every haunted cemetery people that are open to the spirit world sees something different.