Location: The Montrose House

Description:
The site of the Inn has a long history. The original Inn was used as the first jail, as a funeral home before there was a funeral home in town and as a school room. The original building burned to the ground in the mid 1920's. When the new building was about 90 percent completed it burned to the ground again. The building that stands on the site now, was completed around 1926. Upstairs in the Inn there is a little boy that roams the hall and plays trick at all times of the day and night. He seems to like room #5 the most. More than one guest reported someone knocking on the door and no one being there when the door was opened. One guest in particular complained in the morning about the child that was staying in the Inn. He had upset here during the night with knocking on the door several times during the evening and giggling. There were no other guest in the Inn that night. The shade would be taken off the window and placed neatly on the pillow. The window was about 7 feet away from the bed. The time on the clock would be changed. The arm that was set the night before would not go off ( the alarm clock was changed in that room more than once due to the complaints concerning the alarm not going off). Room doors would open then slowly close. The child was reported as seen only once. He was crouched down with his face toward the corner with his hands over his eyes and he was giggling as though he was playing hide and seek. Downstairs in the Inn is a man that has been seen on many occasions and felt many more. This man was seen walking past the front office into the coat closet on one occasion. He seemed so real that the customer in the dinning room thought that he was about to steal a coat. The customer kept his eye on the closet until he realized that no one was coming back out so he leaned back in his chair where he could see into the closet and realized that no one was there. Employees reported him walking out toward the tavern area when the dinning and tavern area were closed and all the doors were locked. Customers have felt him walk behind them as they are checking out. The back dinning room has had objects thrown across the room (this usually happens during the equinoxes)