Location: Laramie Plains Civic Center

Description:
In the original part of the building built in the mid 1800's, ghost are known to turn on radios, scatter items about the old class rooms, cause the phones the ring, and open windows. The original building was built on a graveyard. It is said a music teacher hung himself in newer north part. - January 2007 Additional information/Correction: The building was not built on a graveyard. What happened back in the late 1800's was that there were some vigilante killings because a gang had taken over Laramie. Some of the bodies were buried in the vicinity of the Civic Center. They were buried all over the area. The townspeople made sure to rebury the bodies elsewhere before building the School, which is now the Civic Center. There is no way the bodies are still there as there is a basement that has to be at least 10 feet below the surface. There were no known suicides in the school or civic center. A woman did die of cancer in the building back in the 1970's. There was a janitor that died in the hospital of cancer and another janitor that died in his apartment of a brain injury. A witness reports seeing shadows darting around. They have had a terrible experience of an electric door slamming furiously one night around 10pm. The power to the door was turned off at the time it occurred. They walked through some rose scented perfume one time that wouldn't move or dissipate. They have heard voices when no one was there & heard footsteps and running when no one was there. It is possible That some has to be residual haunting such as hearing a basketball game going on. also heard Indian drumming at night. Also working late and was standing next to the copy machine, which was turned off. It came on suddenly. They have had the door to their office open and heard someone come in, but when they looked, the door wasn't open and no one was there. Reports of seeing the back of a man sitting in the janitor's office one afternoon, upon investigation, no one was there. He was wearing a yellow shirt and had dark hair.