Location: Woodstock Opera House

Description:
A ghost sits in same seat in balcony and is never occupied. it is always left empty for the ghost during any performance. The ghost is seen walking halls and in the upper windows periodically looking out. She has been seen by the living. Known as Elvira, people have described her as being a beautiful entity, "whose blond hair hung below her slim waist," and who was wearing a "filmy, dancing gown." When young actresses are in the theater to try out for a part in a production, the staircase is watched diligently, because sometimes, on occasion, a young actress has the irresistible urge to travel up the staircase to the open portals, probably under the influence of Elvira. So far, all such actresses, in this hypnotic state, have been pulled away from danger. Elvira likes to move props, and untie scenery flats so they fall over, to let the living know that she is there, and needs some laughs as well. Seat DD113 is Elvira's favorite seat in the audience seating area. All the seats are spring-loaded; meaning that they stay in the upright, folded position, unless someone is sitting in them. Actors, actresses and stagehands have often seen seat 113 in the down position, as if some unseen presence was sitting in it, watching the rehearsal. After examining the seat 113, it is always found to be working properly, staying in the upright position. Whenever a performer misses a cue, or bungles a line, a low, deep sigh is often heard, coming from seat 113. Elvira expects high standards to be maintained by the cast of any production. In the 1940's, while Shelly Berman was working on some scenery for an upcoming production, late one evening, he heard a noise from the audience seating, which made him look in that direction. He saw that not only was seat 113 in the down position, but several seats in the same row as 113 as well. Perhaps Elvira, and a few other ghostly patrons of the arts were watching his efforts on stage. Berman ran quickly over to the seats, but by the time he got to them, all were up in the correct, upright position. - June 2008: This story may be a fabrication to get publicity.