Location: Joseph P. Ladd Center

Description:
aka: Ladd School (mental and rehabilitation hospital (1902-1982) - A compound of 10 buildings located in dank and barren meadows scattered with random sickly, creature-like trees surrounded by acres of dense coniferous woods in Exeter, RI.  Comprised of a Recreational Center containing a theatre, basketball courts, locker rooms, bowling alley, indoor swimming pools, classrooms, cafeterias and kitchens, and a sub-basement, 6 story Cylindrical Shaped Infirmary containing a padded cell, dental clinic, operating rooms, morgue, and x-ray clinic. Administration buildings, Dormitories, Classroom buildings, Crematorium, and Community building w/ greenhouse, and a room entirely filled with x-rays and incident reports of patients dating 1968 to 1987.  But the Hospital was supposedly closed in 1982. Anyway, a 400 foot elevated water tower amidst a grouping of trees overlooks the compound.  Hauntings have been orbs, streaks, and hazes of light recorded on film, both video and 35 mm print film, sounds of breathing and shuffling on tape recorders, wheelchairs and beds moved to different locations, feeling of being watched and followed throughout Infirmary and Recreational Center.  One person has had a camera smacked out of her hand and when she picked it up & smacked out of her hand a second time, music on car radio when driving into the compound even when the radio was off.  Outdoors, shadows of people move across fields in the distance into the woods; these shadows have been known to sneak up sometimes, and sort of disappear.  Leaves blow in the most mild and calm of weather.  One July 3rd, 2002 a group of explorers were in the 3rd floor nurses station at 11:30pm when from darkness of the long causeway connecting the infirmary to another building, came the sound of something slowly dragging what sounded like a piano with it's chords echoing for about 4 seconds...it suddenly stopped...and all four of us suddenly looked at each other with panic written all over our faces. They all watched the color drain out of each others faces as they knew they all heard the same thing, then left immediately.