Location: Lambertville high school

Description:
The school was built in 1854. A fire destroyed much of it in 1926, but was remodeled in 1927. According to rumor, there was another fire in 1992 which destroyed the school for good. An "official" closing date has not yet been found. Several have claimed that in one of the classrooms on the second floor, the black boards were covered with drawings of children crying and burning. Another local legend is that of "Buckeye". There are actually two versions of this story, but with the same basic back-story. There was a championship football game between Lambertville and New Hope (PA). An intense game was going on. During a normal play, one of the New Hope Buckeyes was tackled to the ground. When all the players got up, this boy was left lying still on the grass. Because of this tragedy, the parents of the New Hope students had football removed form the schools extra-curricular activities. Urban legend #1- You are to stand on the landing between the first and second floors, just inside the front doors, and say out loud "I challenge Billy (or Buckeye, depending on who you ask) to a football game!" Then, out of nowhere, a football is supposed to fly straight at your head, breaking your neck. Urban Legend #2- While on the football field, located somewhere further up the hill, one is supposed to say out loud "Buckeye, I challenge you to a race!" A wind blows in, then either a mist arises or a pair of glowing, red eyes appear at one end of the field. A voice is heard saying, "Run to the other end of the field or die!" It was rebuilt then abandoned in the 1950's due to zoning issues. Kids are known to commit suicide from the third story gym windows. Reports of free floating apparitions, cold spots, and sounds heard by the EVPs. Also documented in pictures taken were ectoplasm like clouds and apparitions in 3rd floor window. Also strange noises when quiet. Plans to tear this building down in the very near future.WARNING: if you go there do not park on Washington street, you can get arrested for trespassing.