Location: University of Central Missouri

Description:
Yeater Hall - the oldest resident hall on campus, there is a long history of mysterious happenings. Residents have reported lights coming on in rooms unoccupied and locked, curtains opening on their own. One set of residents reported a commotion at their door one evening and footsteps above their room in a room that was vacant and locked, in fact the entire floor was padlocked and no one was allowed on that floor. Other residents have reported cold spots during the summer in this un-air-conditioned hall. A shadow of just a woman's head was seen by two women during a summer cleanup when the hall was supposed to be empty. Men, in this Women's only hall, feel like they are being watched and male campus maintenance workers have complained of drawers opening and closing in rooms they are working in, when no one else is present. The third floor is padlocked shut, as is the attic. It has been said that if you knock twice on the attic door someone will knock back. Witnesses claim that this is indeed true. Third floor of Yeater hall was used in 2001, it was not until spring semester of 2002 that it was padlocked. The ghosts are believed to be those of Laura Yeater (the dorm mother when the dorm was new, and whom the dorm was named after), and of a man who served in the military at a time when the dorm was *for sure* used as housing for the military (there is a base nearby as well). - October Update The most famous and most blown out of whack. An investigator investigated 3 known entities in this hall. The story of the shadow seen by 2 workers was solely investigated by the ghost hunter. There have been times kids state they see things and once a boy was petrified on the stairwell saying he saw something and it took a very long time to get him out of his trance. Most of the information that was originally posted was taken from lectures the ghost hunter gave at the college, and the above updates where reported by him. If interested in talking to him, the staff would probably give you information if they check with him first.